this is it all this is a very old one I
think very old wit soup maybe one
millimeter I'm gonna weigh my yeah of
course the firm Ellucian I'll be wearing
my evolution today ends yeah well this
wetsuit is about I think maybe one
millimeter okay so two seconds holding
for two seconds okay got green light
then let go
yes great lay cream lon
yep Wow bloody war yeah
oh it's hard on my back yeah yeah it
feels really good on my back my can feel
it yeah feel that yeah
Oh
very hot I can feel my back now and it
feels very warm 10 degrees 10 degrees
surface degrees okay
to my face still gone 72 feet water
temperature about five degrees
Hey and just on cold there is amazing
unbelievable it's not it's not calm
it's a mental with you the wit
suit is so big on me
you